                               **********
                               * THANKS *
                               **********

Jacob Pipkin is the original author of all of the sbotools except for
sboremove, sbohints and sbotool. For all the changes that have been
made, the look-and-feel of the traditional sbotools CLI is still
remarkably similar to his initial commit in 2012.

Luke Williams made important contributions to early sbotools, most
notably writing the original sboremove. He also wrote code allowing
sbotools to recognize non-SBo packages, added the --queue option to
sbofind and overhauled sboupgrade.

Andreas Guldstrand maintained sbotools from 2015 through 2019. He made
many important changes, including but not limited to spinning off
sboremove as a module, the now-familiar /usr/sbo/repo directory
structure, using a local overrides directory and setting a custom
Slackware version and upstream repository. Reverse dependency search,
non-default git branch use and reporting out-of-tree scripts in sbocheck
were planned feature additions of his originally.

drgibbon wrote the original zsh completions, without which the bash
completions would surely never have been added. He has been active on
the Issue page with advice for users and helpful feedback.

Other pre-fork code contributors include 9m9 (better wget behavior) and
pedrormjunior (Perl compatibility fix). sighook added tag and exact
search to sbofind. tom-crane made the JOBS setting effectual.

Slack Coder, the maintainer of sbotools2, has been a friendly and
helpful correspondent. Although they are implemented differently here,
GPG verification and non-root permission for the less-destructive
parts of sbotools were his ideas. He also suggested changing to the
MIT License and has provided other useful feedback.

SCerovec has provided useful suggestions and advice about the visual
side of sbotools, particularly during the addition of color output and
the development of the sbotool interface.

Matteo Bernardini's fork of the SlackBuilds.org repository has been a
valuable resource for maintaining the /etc/sbotools/obsolete file.

Build dates for major perl versions, which are needed for the perl
package test, would not have been retrievable without the Cumulative
Archive, established by Eric Hameleers and extended by Darren Austin.

Finally, a good number of users have made valuable reports and feature
requests over the years, both before and after this sbotools repository
was forked:

1-1sam (requested the CPAN_IGNORE setting)
Charadon (requested --mass-rebuild and development man pages)
chrish4cks (reported an .info parse bug)
dchmelik (reported diligently on sbocheck problems, provided feedback)
dcjud (requested an installable sbotools.conf)
drbeco (requested a blacklist and strict version-up)
fourtysixandtwo (feedback about the overzealous 'missing' script prompt;
                 suggested the sbocheck python test)
fsLeg (fixed bash completion for sbocheck)
Geremias (originally reported the info parse bug before version 3.3)
hackedhead (requested installation templates and sboupgrade --all)
iluvatar1 (reported an .info parse bug)
januscan (requested strict version-up)
jonasdemoor (requested download beavior documentation)
leoctrl (reported sbofind case insensitivity, and the EOL build options
         and sboupgrade nowrap bugs)
lockywolf (originally reported the URI escape filename bug)
montagdude (reported sboinstall and sbosnap bugs)
NDolam (reported broken zsh completions)
na3i09 (reported a compat32 sboremove bug)
penduin (reported a Slackware -current version bug)
qunying (requested build number upgrade notification)
Sammyboy (reported a kernel version number bug)
STDOUBT (reported a version parse bug)
shamefulCake1 (requested NOWRAP and installation time reporting)
travis-82 (requested tree download progress output)
tuxuser1 (reported the overwritten source file bug)
wgreenhouse (reported the local git repo chown bug)

This file is almost certainly incomplete; information about pre-fork
sbotools is limited, and oversights do happen. Please contact me if you
should be in this file (or ChangeLog.md) and you are not:

  K. Eugene Carlson <kvngncrlsn@gmail.com>
