TODO: sbotools-3.4

Unless an important bug comes to light, the next version of sbotools,
3.4, will be a feature release. Expect an RC in the near future.

* A new configuration to enforce strict verison upgrades.

  Currently, sboupgrade regards any version difference as upgradable.
  In the maintainer's view, this is a sensible default because version
  numbering schemes can change upstream (e.g. ttf-ibm-plex) and
  downgrades on the SlackBuilds.org side can happen. Indeed, the present
  behavior was introduced intentionally in 2015 (c821f8f). However, this
  does run counter to the plain meaning of the word "upgrade" (see
  pink-mist/sbotools Issue 91). Always reporting version differences and
  making the upgrade behavior configurable seems like a reasonable
  compromise.

  STATUS: Added (set STRICT_UPGRADES to TRUE)

* A tool to interface with sbotools.hints.

  sboconfig is a convenient way to modify sbotools.conf without worrying
  about invalid entries. It would be nice to have something similar to
  interact with the hints file as well. The tool will likely include
  queries, adding and removing scripts from the blacklist, adding and
  removing scripts from the optional dependency lists and replacing
  optional dependency lists.

* An interactive mode for sboconfig.

  Work had begun before Issue 18 necessitated the release of version
  3.3. This will be a series of explanatory prompts to set all
  configuration values; it will be reachable by running sboconfig
  without flags or options.

  STATUS: Added (sbohints)

* Rebuild reverse dependencies.

  This will be similar to sboupgrade --force-reqs, except for reverse
  dependencies. A sticking point is that e.g. google-go-lang includes a
  version-specific profile.d script, and subsequent reverse dependency
  builds invariably fail until it has been sourced. To keep this kind
  of situation from happening, it'll be run from sbointall after the
  target script has been upgraded.

  STATUS: Added (sboinstall -q)
